Vicky's mother dad I've done it breaking
now I'm making food arena see the sauce
so let's take a speaking fun get it
going some of the friends down I'm
number one they say they say they say
that I'm not normal aren't they say they
say I'm not knowing Dixie
they say they say they say that I'm not
yeah these like these got me feeling low
stop my swag on Ken but my back's a joke
keep the smile on my face so nobody
knows grants old homeboy doesn't show
I never I'm home but I get it story I
might leave late but you got no my son
Carly with nobody knows he has to have
his mommy daddy works hard that he goes
home he goes food Danny Green Drinks
daddy's gold still he don't understand
I would lay up that he phones him car be
like my dad first time I met I was eight
and I still don't fucking know him I'm
an economy empty my a GE or JSA you're
just lazy
yeah-ha momenta clear my mind if you go
inside me yeah I'm Celine goes here one
in my way
Oh
Vicky's mother done breaking now I make
it through the rain and see the Sun this
is hot
hey guys overtaken speaking fun Danica
wants other friends done on the number
one they say they say they say that I'm
number one they say they say they said
I'm not known heart they say they say
they say I'm not good morning they say
they say they say I'm not yeah
you